1- What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
when we initialize a repository, a hidden file is going to be created, to keep
track of the  repository history(store metadata). We need to do that because with
out a repository we would not be able to keep track of our file history. each
git repository is tied to specific directory

2- How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
 What value do you think it offers?
 the staging area is where you put files that is going to be committed, in the
 directory or repository you have all your projects files. The staging area is
 helpful because you can have the only the files that you want to commit. Only
 the files that have changes.

 Ideas: Initially all git repository is empty, and you have to go and add file
 to file in the repository with add command
 git add file

 commit is a snapshot of every file in the project at the time you commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

3- You can make changes in different files, then you can put in the staging area
only the files that you want logical commit. Or yo can make all the changes that
are going to meaningful to you, then put it in the staging are, so that files
are ready to be commit because they represent a logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
 organized? How would branches help?

4- there are some situation that branches would be helpful, when you want add new
features in your project, if you want to do a different version for specific
people. If you want work in a new version of your project based in the old version.

In those situations branches would be very helpful, because you would be able to
 keep  the version that you have already running without been affected for your
 work.

 5-What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it
  in the diagram the way we do?

 The result of merging two branches together is a new commit, that have all
 change that were made in both branches. (the combination of both).

6-What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs.
always doing merges manually?

if git automatically merge you can have unexpected results, the reality is that
you dont have to worry about conflicts but, if there is 
a conflict git is going to the keep change that maybe will be what your are
expecting or maybe not,
